My Way to Get a Job
====================

This project records the HARD process to get the first job of my life.
It includes: solutions for problems on leetcode, problems asked during interviews and problems in somebooks like BEAUTY_OF_PROGRAMMING (编程之美).

About human languages:  
-----------------------------------------------------------

English for most of all, Chinese for the rest.
My English is poor. But I try to write English in this project as much as possible.
I hope that do such many writings in English can help in improving my English skills.
So if you find my mistakes in these documentary, I would welcome every corrections.
Once I find English cant deliver my thought of a problem or something else, 我将改用汉字来说。

About programming languages:
-----------------------------

I am good at C and Python. I can also use C++. I dont like Java.
so most of my codes are written in C or Python, sometimes in C++ and rarely in Java.

How to name a file/directory in this project:
----------------------------------------------

### 1. Source code files suffix:
	C:		.c,
	C++: 	.cpp (not .cc)
	Python:	.py

### 2. Booknames:
	booknames are written in uppercase for every character. Like BEAUTY_OF_PROGRAMMING refers to the book：《编程之美》.

### 3. Delimeters:
	Ususally use _ to replace the <SPACE> (' ') for file names.
	However, as for files in the leetcode/ directory, files' delimeters are '-'s, such as two-sum.c
	This is because leetcode's website are using URLs like "https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/".



Project content tree:
--------------------------
generated by the command 'tree'.

./
|-- leetcode
|   |-- binary-tree-inorder-traversal.py
|   |-- binary-tree-inorder-traversal.py~
|   |-- jump-game.c
|   |-- jump-game-ii.py
|   |-- jump-game.py
|   |-- maximum-depth-of-binary-tree.cpp
|   |-- maximum-subarray.py
|   |-- number-of-1-bits.c
|   |-- populating-next-right-pointers-in-each-node.py
|   |-- same-tree.py
|   |-- single-number.c
|   |-- single-number-ii.py
|   |-- sort-list.cpp
|   |-- sort-list.cpp~
|   `-- two-sum.c
|-- problems_in_BEAUTY_OF_PROGRAMMING
|   |-- LaoBingSort
|   |-- LaoBingSort.cc
|   `-- LaoBingSort.cc~
|-- README.md
|-- README.md~
`-- sort_algorithms
    `-- quicksort.c

